docs: add local testing instructions to contributing guide (#665)
neuroinformatics-unit/datashuttle: docs/source/pages/community/contributing.md

For docstrings, we adhere to the [numpydoc](https://numpydoc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/format.html) style.
Make sure to provide docstrings for all public functions, classes, and methods.

## Running tests locally

Unit and integration tests are important tools to ensure the code is working
as expected, and protect against regressions introduced by future changes.

All tests are automatically run on GitHub actions for open PRs. However, running tests locally can
be useful to verify that everything works correctly on your system. We use [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/)
to manage running `datashuttle` tests.

Before running the tests, make sure `datashuttle` is [installed in development mode](#developer-install)

### Running the full test suite

From the root of the repository, run:
```bash
pytest
```
This runs all tests that can be executed in the local development environment.

To run a specific test file, you can include the path to the file, for example:

```bash
pytest tests/test_validation.py
```

> or to run any tests whose name matches a keyword:

Reviewer: Just to make it a bit clearer (IMO)
```suggestion
or to run any tests with names that match a keyword:
```
